# Advanced Usage

## Take turning radius into account
While some vehicles can turn on the spot, most vehicles like cars or tractors have a limited minimal turning circle. This library allows to set a minimum turning radius, that will ensure, that vehicles with limited movement capabilitys can follow the path. Defining a trun radius will mostly affect the traversal paths, which will then be generated by the [dubins path algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dubins_path).

Example:
```python
from fieldpath.planner import FieldPathPlanner
from shapely import Polygon

field_outline = ((0,0), (0,10), (10,10), (10,0), (0,0))
my_field = Polygon(field_outline)

# Initialize class
fp = FieldPathPlanner(working_width = 0.3, turn_radius=0.5)

# Generate working paths (they are not affected for the turn_radius first)
num_contours = 2
working_paths, _ = fp.generate_contoured_a_b_paths(my_field, num_contours)

# Generate work sequence
# The traversal paths are generated with dubins path if turn_radius > 0

# In the end also the working paths are checked for sharp corners, wich will be rounded by the turn_radius 
coverage_path, path_types = fp.generate_work_sequence(working_paths,start_pose, field = my_field)

```

## How complex field geometries are handled

### Fields at an angle
When generating working paths with `generate_contoured_a_b_paths` the field orientation is estimated automatically. This means, that the A-B Lines follow the longest edge of the field by default, which ensures less traversal paths for more efficiency.

The field angle is estimated using the minimum rectangle around the polygon shape, and using the long edge as angle reference.

### Concave Polygons
Polygons with concave shape - the easiest example is an L-shaped field - can be processed more efficiently by splitting them in segments. The mathematic method is called convex decomposition wich splits a concave polygon in a number of convex sub polygons. In out L-Shaped field example this means splitting the L into two rectangluar shapes, which both have a own field direction and therefor a different A-B pattern orientation. This reduces the number of needed turns to cover the field.

Convex decomposition can be enabled by setting the paremeters like this:
```python
num_contours = 2
working_paths, sub_polygons = fp.generate_contoured_a_b_paths(my_field, num_contours, use_polygon_decomposition=True)

# sub_polygons is the list of generated convex sub-polygon objects, maybe useful for visualisation
```

Note also, that the contour lines follow the main field geometry. The splitting is performed only on the inner part.

For polygon decomposition a simple sweeping line approach is used, wich is ressource friendly and enough for most use cases.